# WatchList-Trader5
Alrighty this is the project closely following Trader3 which you can also find on my GitHub profile. You might be wondering what happened to Trader4, lets talk some quant trading. So Trader3 could be defined as a intraday swing trading methodology. When it was profitable, the margin was anywhere from 0.25% to 1%+ which is pretty nice, but where we were losing money it would often wipe out any gains hence the creation stoploss function. I saw this as an oppoptunity, no trading algorithm is perfect, but I saw a clear pattern that could allow me to capitalize on the times we would usually would lose money on Trader 3. This pattern was essentially a momentum pattern. So as quickly as possible I wrote Trader4, a hedging momentum methodology. It would start by buying both 3x leveraged sides of the ETF QQQ. At that point, any loss would be roughly offset by a gain of a similar size. I would continue to hold them until noticing a momentum trend than I would dump the loser (the one with the lower RSI, regardless of whether it was the one I was making or losing money on). Then I would track the winner up, with the goal of offsetting the loss, plus profits, with the additional momentum of the winner. In four days I had a working, mainly debugged version than realized "Shoot, this is superfluous. All it really achieves is a momentum strategy with only half of my liquidity. I might as well just make a dedicated momentum methodology minus the unnessary hedging." 

This was the genesis of Trader5, a momentum trading methodology to attempt to capture gains from the times there was no swing in the intraday trading. I knew going into Trader5 that its win rate would be roughly the same as Trader3s'. But that was no big deal because Trader6 would be a blend of the two methodologies optimized to figure out which methology to go with at any given time based on some data. It was my goal to find that data but I got sidetracked by a recurring idea with new evidence of doability. That is still what I'm working on. Trader6 will come eventually with the added benefit of what I'm working on right now.

Anyways, this is Trader5
